[Julia] Add concept exercise: functions-introduction / lasagna (#974)
exercism/v3: languages/julia/exercises/concept/functions-introduction/.docs/after.md

> ### Summary

Reviewer: The introduction has a nice mention about the two different ways to define functions, but I don't see that described here. As part of the goal of the `after.md` document is to serve as a reference for students to go back to later, I think the after document should at least contain all the information from the `introduction.md` document, possibly with additional resources or a more in-depth explanation.

Author: I didn't want to duplicate any information, but I'll copy the missing parts over.

> After solving this exercise, you should be familiar with:

Reviewer: This might be very subtle, but maybe rephrase a little bit:

```suggestion
This exercise showed how to:
```

Author: That sounds a lot better, thanks!

### Summary

This exercise showed how to:

> - Defining functions that take one or more arguments and return a value.
> - Doing arithmetic calculations with integers.
> - Invoking functions.

Reviewer: Sorry, forgot to suggest changes to this text based on the above text change.

```suggestion
- Define functions that take one or more arguments and return a value.
- Do arithmetic calculations with integers.
- Invoke functions.
```
